fix: Add missing parameters in `Safe.setup()` (#655)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/reference-smart-account/setup/setup.mdx

```solidity focus=3
(ISafe safe).setup(
    [0x..., 0x...],
    1,
    0x...,
    "0x...",
    0x...,
    0x...,
    0,
    0x...
);
```

### `to`

- **Type:** `address`

> Contract address for optional delegate call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contract address used as the destination of an optional delegate call.
```

```solidity focus=4
(ISafe safe).setup(
    [0x..., 0x...],
    1,
    0x...,
    "0x...",
    0x...,
    0x...,
    0,
    0x...
);
```

### `data`

- **Type:** `bytes`

Data payload for optional delegate call.

```solidity focus=5
(ISafe safe).setup(
    [0x..., 0x...],
    1,
    0x...,
    "0x...",
    0x...,
    0x...,
    0,
    0x...
);
```

### `fallbackHandler`

- **Type:** `address`

Handler for fallback calls to this contract.

```solidity focus=6
(ISafe safe).setup(
    [0x..., 0x...],
    1,
    0x...,
    "0x...",
    0x...,
    0x...,
    0,
    0x...
);
```

### `paymentToken`

- **Type:** `address`

> Token that should be used for the payment (0 is ETH).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Token contract address used for the payment of the Safe proxy contract deployment fees (`0` is the native token).
```

```solidity focus=7
(ISafe safe).setup(
    [0x..., 0x...],
    1,
    0x...,
    "0x...",
    0x...,
    0x...,
    0,
    0x...
);
```

### `payment`

- **Type:** `uint256`

> Value that should be paid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amount of `paymentToken` to be paid for the Safe proxy contract deployment fees.
```

```solidity focus=8
(ISafe safe).setup(
    [0x..., 0x...],
    1,
    0x...,
    "0x...",
    0x...,
    0x...,
    0,
    0x...
);
```

### `paymentReceiver`

- **Type:** `address`

> Address that should receive the payment (or 0 if `tx.origin`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Address that receives the payment for the Safe proxy contract deployment fees (or `0` if `tx.origin`).
```
